feat(portal): make promoted API mode optional in page list (#287)
gravitee-io/old-gravitee-api-management: gravitee-apim-console-webui/docs/management-configuration-apiportalheader.md

api.publishedAt | `${(api.deployedAt?date)!}`
My hard coded name | `My hard coded value`

You are able to combine API attributes, metadata and strings.

> Additionally, the `Page lists options` section allows you to decide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the `API List Page` section allows you to decide
```
